
Converged boundary values for bstar
===================================

This file contains a set of command lines for the stellar structure 
program 'bstar' defining the boundary values for 1.0 Msun stellar models 
that have converged. The most recent models are at the bottom of this 
file.

Command line arguments for bstar
--------------------------------

  [number of shells] [stellar mass] [surface radius] [core temperature] 
  [surface luminosity] [core pressure] [mixing-length-theory alpha parameter] 
  [binary separation in Rsuns] [f/b to either fit or build]

A note about overflowing models
-------------------------------

  A model is overflowing once mass reaches the critical equipotential 
  phi = -2.0 in the dimensionless potential units defined in 
  ktFunctions/ktFunctions.m. This happens once a converged model's 
  (surface radius in Rsuns) / (binary separation in Rsuns) > 0.7595.
  See the value of maxR in ktDerived.mat generated by ktDerived.m. The rate
  of overflow can be estimated using binarySystem/accretionRate.m.

Binary-System data sets
-----------------------

  A. First models used for raytracing.

  B. Here alphaMLT = 1.825, which is in good agreement with Yildiz, Kiziloglu. 
     The three bottom ones are overflowing.

  C. Adds the separations 2.2000, 1.9000, 1.6000, 1.4500, 1.3500, 1.3100, 1.2800 
     to set B (Code backed-up in 20101104.tar.gz).

  D. Set D updates set C in the following ways:

    - bug fixed in eosTables (ChiRho and ChiT were switched)
    - updated nuclear energy generation formulas in nuclear.cpp
    - slightly different treatment of MLT and Fc in starBuilder.cpp
    - now there is only one overflowing model (no. 15)
    - now alphaMLT = 2.239 so that radius of spherical model fits zero-age 
      evolveZAMS

  E. Updated nuclear.cpp to work with interpolation functions. Removed 
     Meynet's treatment of the photosphere, and used the simpler treatment 
     described in the thesis (updated photosphere.cpp, starBuilder.cpp). 
     Updated alphaMLT = 2.2190285
